Add flerp to Productivity and Utilities (#337)
ratatui/awesome-ratatui: README.md

- [exabind](https://github.com/junkdog/exabind) - An animated TUI for viewing KDE shortcuts.
- [exhaust](https://github.com/heyrict/exhaust) - A terminal app for doing exams.
- [feedr](https://github.com/bahdotsh/feedr) - A terminal-based RSS/Atom feed reader with a TUI.

> - [flerp](https://crates.io/crates/flerp) - A terminal UI for exploring and analyzing text files, PDFs, and images with live search, keyword extraction, and multiple themes.

Reviewer: Can you please use the github link?

also some simplification:

```suggestion
- [flerp](https://crates.io/crates/flerp) - A TUI for exploring and analyzing text files, PDFs and images.
```

Author: Yeah, sure link updated
Thanks for the feedback!

> - [flerp](https://github.com/Huseynteymurzade28/flerp) - A terminal UI for exploring and analyzing text files, PDFs, and images with live search, keyword extraction, and multiple themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [flerp](https://github.com/Huseynteymurzade28/flerp) - A TUI for exploring and analyzing text files, PDFs and images.
```
